.TH Flags l "04 April 1990" "Eldora Addition"
.SH NAME
Flags \- C++ local flags class
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
Flags Flag_obj;	//Constructor.

(void) Flag_obj.set(unsigned int mask);
(void) Flag_obj.clear(void);
(unsigned int) Flag_obj.wait(unsigned int mask, int type);
(unsigned int) Flag_obj.query(void);

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Flags class implements local event flags. Each Flags object
contains 32 flags that may be set, pended on and examined. All Flags
are cleared when a new object is created. To pend on a flag or set of
flags the
.I wait
call specifies the desired flags with set bits in 
.I mask.
Two types of pending are permitted - FLAGS_OR and FLAGS_AND. The
former pends on the OR of the mask, so that any single set flag in the
mask will cause the task to unblock. The latter will not unblock until
all flags in the mask are set. Before returning to the caller
.I wait
clears the set flags in the mask, so the next 
.I wait 
can use the same mask. 
.I Wait
returns the flag settings that caused it to unblock. The 
.I set
call simply sets the flags specified in
.I mask. The
.I clear
method clears all flags. The 
.I query
call returns the present setting of the flags.
.SH COMMENTS AND REQUIREMENTS
You must have loaded or linked in your own builtin_new and
builtin_delete routines if your C++ compiler does not have them.
.SH CURRENT REVISION
$Revision$
.SH FLAMES AND PRAISE
Send them to:
.nf
Richard Neitzel
National Center for Atmospheric Research
Box 3000
Boulder, CO 80307
thor@thor.atd.ucar.edu

