.TH Pipe l "31 October 1991" "Eldora Addition"
.SH NAME
Pipe, FixedPipe - Pipe classes.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
Pipe pipe(int msg_size, int num_msgs);
FixedPipe pipe(int msg_size, int num_msgs);

(int) pipe.Read(void *ptr, int count = 1);
(int) pipe.Write(void *ptr, int count = 1);
(int) pipe.QueryRead(void *ptr, int count = 1);
(int) pipe.QueryWrite(void *ptr, int count = 1);
(int) pipe.Msgs(void);
(int) pipe.Size(void);
(int) pipe.Free(void);
(void) pipe.Flush(void);

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I Pipe
class allows one to read/write data in discrete chunks. The chunk size
is specified at creation as
.I msg_size
bytes and the pipe can hold
.I num_msgs
messages. 
.I Write
moves the data pointed to by
.I ptr
into the pipe. If not enough space is available in the pipe it blocks.
On completion the number of bytes moved is returned.
.I Read
moves data from the pipe into the area pointed to by
.I ptr.
If not enough data is available it blocks. The number of bytes moved
is returned.
.I QueryRead 
acts like 
.I read
except that it will move as many messages as are in pipe, not blocking
if the requested number are not available. Likewise,
.I QueryWrite
will put as many messages as possible into the pipe without blocking.
.I Flush
empties the pipe of data, being considerate enough to wait until all
tasks blocked for reads/writes have completed.
.I Msgs
returns the maximum number of messages that can be put into the pipe.
.I Size
returns the size of the pipe in bytes, while
.I Free
returns the number of unused messages remaining.
.sp
All the Pipe read/write operations take a value,
.I count,
that specifies how many messages are to be transfered. This allows one
to move multiple messages with one call. The default count is 1.
.sp
The 
.I FixedPipe
class is identical to the
.I Pipe
class except for one feature. In its case, the number of messages
transfered is fixed to one per read/write. This allows it to be
somewhat faster.
.SH INCLUDES
Pipe.hh
.sp
FixedPipe.hh
.SH COMMENTS AND REQUIREMENTS
You must have loaded or linked in your own builtin_new and
builtin_delete routines if your C++ compiler does not have them.
.sp
The Ring class must be loaded/linked with these classes.
.SH FLAMES AND PRAISE
Send them to:
.nf
Richard Neitzel
National Center for Atmospheric Research
Box 3000
Boulder, CO 80307
thor@thor.atd.ucar.edu

